roasted peppers I'm sure you do missile
before when you register pepper again
it's the same thing what you don't want
is any of the skin would you agree you
even scare League instead of a kind of
stuck in your teeth it's the whole thing
so if you've got a gas hog just put it
over the flame until it's blackened
you've done this before evil don't you
go they get into this blackened and then
either pop it into a jiffy bag or on to
a place woke up cuzzo
think of yourself as one and
and I put it into either a jiffy bag or
cover it with a little bit of em kitchen
a couple deliver the cling film and what
happens is that all of the steam or the
heat but you've got and from the pepper
will do the same thing what we did with
the tomato this is exactly the same
principle so what it does is it
separates the skin from the whole of the
pepper okay so what should happen is as
you let it go cool then it will make the
really easy feeling you pepper now these
are only just about ready what I like to
do with it and if you're worried about
it when you actually do this get the
really child get them really really
blackened don't have it so they're kind
of just got a little bit cooler on your
than black because that's what's going
to help you kind of lift up you need
that hate you leave that whole thing
happening look you can still see with
this as it comes out the skin is
separating so you can peel it very very
easily so all of it comes off and you
end up with beautiful peppers that have
no skin on what